Please answer the questions below.

Where we ask for you to provide code, this code can just be ‘sudo code’ and does not have to be executable.

The idea of these questions are basically just to get an idea of your understanding.  You are allowed to skip questions if you cannot answer but of course the more you can answer the better.

Completing all the tasks should not take more than an hour to an hour and a half.  There are 20 questions in total, most of which only require textual answers.

Submit all answers by means of a pull request on github.  You can either do this on your own public repo or share ‘kkroese’ and ‘devblazer’ on your private github repo.

Please send the link to your Pull request in the chat on Upworks.

Javascript:

1.	What is your favourite new javascript feature and why?


2.	Explain an interesting way in which you have used this javascript feature.


3.	Is there any difference between regular function syntax and the shorter arrow function syntax? (Write the answer in your own words)


4.	What is the difference between ‘myFunctionCall(++foo)’   and  ‘myFunctionCall(foo++)’


5.	In your own words, explain what a javascript ‘class’ is and how it differs from a function.













Css:

6.	In your own words, explain css specificity.


7.	In your own words, explain, what is ‘!important’ in css.  Also how does it work?  Are there any special circumstances when using it, where it’s behaviour might not be what you expect?


8.	What is your prefered layout system: inline-block, floating + clearing, flex, grid, other?  And why?


9.	Are negative margins legal and what do they do (margin: -20px)?


10.	If a <div/> has no margin or other styling and a <p/> tag inside of it has a margin top of some kind, the margin from the <p/> tag will show up on the div instead (the margin will show above the div not inside of it), why is this?  What are the different things that can be done to prevent it?


Unit tests:

11.	What technologies do you use to unit test your react components?


12.	Are there any pitfalls associated with this technology that have caused you difficulty in the past?


13.	How do you test in your unit tests to see if the correct properties are being passed to child components.
















React:

14.	React test step1:

Create a react component that has a <div/> with a border.
Inside this <div/> should be a <span/> that displays the ‘live’ width of the browser window at all times.  Keep in mind that the size of the window could easily be changed by the user and you should reflect this.



15.	React test step2:

Inside the <div/> you created in the previous step, add a text input that, as a number is entered into it, uses that number to set the height of the div itself in pixels, live as you update the text field (keypress not change event).


16.	React test step3:

Add the following code to your project root (same project as in step 2, but add the code in the global / window space):

    Let divHeight;
    window.setDivHeight = (height) => divHeight = height;

Add a HOC for your div component that allows you to set the height of your <div/> component from the previous steps by calling that external function.

If you do not know what a HOC is or how to create one, that is also fine, just mention that in your answer and instead create a parent component that can still do this (allow you to call that function ‘setDivHeight’ in order to set the height of the div manually.

Bare in mind that when the height of the div is forcefully set like this, the text fields value should also update to reflect this and should still carry on working as normal (user can continue to modify its value).








RXjs:


17.	What are the differences between Subject, BehaviorSubject and ReplaySubject?  And in what situation would you use each of these (please provide example scenarios)?


18.	If you have an array of values in a stream and you wish to pipe it such that it will emit the arrays values individually, one by one and wait for them all to be completed before processing another array, how would you do this?  Please provide a code example.


19.	If you have a stream that receives individual values and would like to pipe it such that it builds an array out of these values, emitting the updated array each time a new value is added to it, how would you do this?  Please provide a code example.


Twilio:


20.	Explain which of the Twilio Api’s you have used.  Also explain how and in what scenarios you have used them.

